Improve dynamics section of docs (#2271)
qutip/qutip: doc/guide/dynamics/dynamics-data.rst

| ``std_e_data``          |                      | Dictionary of standard derivation of the expectation values.           |
+-------------------------+----------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Multiple trajectories results also keep the trajectories ``seeds`` to allows
recomputing the results.

.. testcode::
  :skipif: True

  seeds = result.seeds

One last feature specific to multi-trajectories results is the addition operation
that can be used to merge sets of trajectories.

.. code-block::

    >>> run1 = smesolve(H, psi, np.linspace(0, 1, 11), c_ops, e_ops=[num(N)], ntraj=25)
    >>> print(run1.num_trajectories)
    25
    >>> run2 = smesolve(H, psi, np.linspace(0, 1, 11), c_ops, e_ops=[num(N)], ntraj=25)
    >>> print(run2.num_trajectories)
    25
    >>> merged = run1 + run2
    >>> print(merged.num_trajectories)
    50

> This allows to improve statistics while keeping previous computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows one to improve statistics while keeping previous computations.
```
